Hi, you love that extra video here in the
channel as we are and end parties of
I decided to do a hair tutorial
It is a super easy and simple hairstyle that
Can you use Christmas and a new year in the
Ballad is in everyday life.
and it is this transaction that this tiarinha of
braid is super easy super simple
and if you want to know how I did
this hairstyle is only to continue if
To hear a compliment is just the hairstyle so I
I already learned my hair back.
so the image and I've done a braid're
Now we're going to get another party to
make another trans
I'll get it from under my ear and
I'm going to do this with that snake.
piece I'm going to do a braid of three
normal legs they braids you
we are accustomed
ready is very important to
transition to the end
my loves now I'm going to take this
braid
I'm going to pass it through my head.
and I will hold behind the ear is with
clip color preference of your hair
poses the amount of staples you
thinks enough
when you see you are present
stay like this now let's get another
braid and we'll move on to the other one.
side and hold the same shape
now just release the back
entered hairstyle're ready to
braid stays like this if you want
You can start here up to
getting high is like this and the
I advise to make some curls to stay
more chic, and the hairstyle is that
I hope you liked it, can you?
use in a new and even your day
This is it, my loves, I'm going to stay for
on here
kisses